what is up guys doesn't cover it with
another Torico review episode 88 first
one of the year and also if you haven't
seen my Jojo or hundreds under review
check those out
did those maybe like a day ago or so
check those out by anyway in a previous
episode of this this tour go remember
they were going to form a casino and you
know looks really amazing toward glass a
lot of different locations so if you
like world building definitely check out
Torico and I know a lot of people say
they're the longest better it might be
but I mean if you like anime and you
don't mind you know censorship and
you'll watch it you know that's that's
basically yeah it's not that big of a
deal but if you don't like that if you
don't like the anime then check out the
money either way I'm sure you'll enjoy
one of them so I kinda kodokor made
world and where this gourmet make
gourmet casino and where this gourmet
casino is is actually be get our kingdom
or the food crucible it's pretty much a
really dark area where you know they
tell mother I was like not a crime sign
of different illegal things in this area
when it comes to ingredients especially
in the black market they do find a lot
of different you know kind of you know
in Greece he would not would have meant
to mess with but in case you would get
in trouble or something or whatever or
they don't abide by the laws of the
gourmet laws and also what's mentioned
is we learn about the garlic meteor and
palings is going to be a really
important I think is going to be the
next arc actually is the Garlic meteor I
think that's gonna be a focus on the
next arcs but I guess they mentioned it
within this episode just email just do a
little teaser so after they go to this
good is back black market they actually
actually see the gourmet mafia again if
you know if you know if the Mafia is
their match is there and actually
matches actually the new boss now the
mafia before he was the second boss but
now it's the first because apparently
he's a former leader after he what took
the gourmet world for some secret
mission and you know a lot of things are
setting up for this gourmet world and I
can't wait till that happens but matches
actually first boss now so it's really
cool and he's actually one of my
favorite characters my sites from zebra
rhetoric oh he's really awesome and I
hope he got stronger in this and alive
within this you know time frame because
century super me he was beast but I mean
you know it's been a while now hopefully
he's drunk I had hopes of you know I
hope did his don't kneel luck
because he is pretty awesome I mean
maybe the only swordsman I know so far
in the Torico if anything match tells
them that there's this guy called the
live bear and pretty much the mastermind
of the underworld food plays pretty much
and if you know he's the one is actually
playing these ingredients within the
black market and you know match doesn't
want to see all of you smell bad
ingredients within this area this
territory so he wants to take that stuff
away so he has to get rid of the
mastermind behind the hall back and of
course Torico cocoa and others try to
help them say hey you know there'll be
helped you maybe we can find this
galactic meaty or whatever is garlic
unity or and get help you at the same
time so looks like everything this is
pretty much like a set up episode for
more battles than stuff to come so I
think it was okay episode and I can't
wait to see match fight because I'm
telling you guys to fight scene back a
century suit Park you guys know who've
seen it you know it was pretty awesome
fight some seats entry super awesome so
I'm hoping you know they do some good
cool battles within this you know next
arc or so and it should be interesting
like I said like the certain is I hope
Maps you know it's Easter stronger I
hope you know zebra comes in maybe it
could help our sunny I kept like zebra
more but I hope he comes in to help
maybe he might who knows but you know
it's getting really interesting and this
set of forty escorting world on though
it's not going to happen time soon or
who knows what's gonna happen but it
should be amazing I mean it should be
awesome and can't wait so anyway thanks
for watching video hope you guys get
into the series the manga or anime
either one and check out my other videos
and stuff be sure to thumbs up if you
like Coco and all that good stuff
I'll see you guys later more videos I'm
going back to school this Friday so I
will have more time to edit videos and
stuff like that so which will be easier
for me because trust me I can definitely
hope folk will focus more not have as
many distractions at school than here
yeah I know
anyway peace out